[Music]
all right hey what's up guys it's sugar
here and welcome to a brand new video
today I'm gonna be betting on helicase
it's gonna be all not really betting on
helicase I have $15 and I'm gonna be
opening some cases on Hell case so wish
me luck guys
pretty much anything could happen like I
could get incredibly lucky or I could
just get completely wrecked but anyways
guys if you guys want to go check out
the guttin the stattrak gut knife dopler
giveaway the link will be in the
description down below remember there's
still like we're giving that away at
twenty five thousand subs so there's
still quite a bit of time before we're
officially giving it away so if you guys
want to go ahead and enter the giveaway
just check that check out the link in
the description and there's another
giveaway going on basically all you
gotta do is just leave a comment on any
of my videos and you'll be entered to
win pretty much a bunch of skins anyways
we got fifteen dollars in the site so I
mean obviously it's not a lot of money
but to me the fifteen dollars is a lot
of money and I this is not sponsored I'm
not sponsored at all I basically took
fifteen dollars from PayPal put it into
the site and that's how I'm doing this
video so this is an completely unspun
serd hell case videos so just letting
you know letting you guys know so just
because it's a non sponsored video I
kind of don't want to bet super risky
cuz if it's a sponsor video like you
know they gave me money I'm more likely
to bet risky but personally I'd rather
just bet safer and get like you know
have a better chance of making profit
but I will open up a couple cases all
the cobblestones aren't available I'm
gonna try to open a couple cases that
cost a little bit more but of course I'm
gonna open up a bunch of milspec cases
because I seem to have the best luck
with these you know what let's start off
with a beast case cuz like what can we
get in here we could get like a water
elemental now basically breakeven
neon revolution you got some knives you
do some crazy things in this case so I'm
gonna open up just one beast case and
then I'll open up some milspec cases so
wish me like guys let's go come on all
I'm like if I get a knife I'm not
actually gonna be so freakin happy dude
I mean the chances are so low but I'll
come on bullet right all I know we got
the mirror toast rip dude we just ripped
so hard right there you know what it's
not that bad I don't think is that the
wait that might be the worst for up no
no no it's not the worst weapon in the
case so rip I mean I'm kind of sad but
you know I'm kind of happy that we
didn't get something worse so Wow
alright now started a dragon case let's
go come on give me something good come
on come on come on cuz there's actually
some really nice skins in here
I guess the the cyrex is pretty nice
right all the Chatterbox let's go come
on pause its battle-scarred wait wait do
we just wait we just
wow we just lost one cent okay you know
what hey at least you broke even there
that's that's not too bad right that's
not too bad alright now I'm gonna open
up here I'm gonna open up a Rising Sun
case as well because I want to chance to
getting an Akihabara accept because
those are those things are crazy man
they're like six hundred seven hundred
dollars like the price is just crazy
dude oh and we're gonna all know almost
got the deal Oh what well let's got the
day break but we got a midnight storm
factory-new let's go and meet prophet
hell yeah dude honestly that's why I bet
on Hell case cuz like I feel like you
make prophet way more often than not
like compared to like other betting
sites or other a case opening sites like
I don't know I just feel like you know
your luck is a lot better on here and
the bank collection oh yeah that's yeah
your race to be it's not even worth
opening that one I mean it's 20 cents
but yeah there's nothing good in that
case like I'm trying to think like what
is what is a good item in the Indy
risings or in the bank collection I
guess the best skin is like the Franklin
that's like a dollar so not really worth
it honestly all rip okay we just got the
olfactory new urban hazard okay well we
just ripped half of our money right
there hey at least it's better than
anything we unboxed Sutton farm cases
that one time are empty that was so bad
and there's actually some really really
expensive skins in this collection too
like in this in this case like there's
some really really valuable K skins like
I'm trying to think like which ones are
super valuable I know there's like where
the hell are they okay I can't seem to
find the expensive oh yeah the white out
the mp7 one oh if you get this thing and
factory-new it's like five hundred
dollars so yeah if you get a fox your
new mp7 wite-out you're basically making
Bank so let's just hope that we get one
of those because if we do get one of
those I mean well we're not gonna get
one of those obviously but if we do or
if we did that would be insane
absolutely insane
I come on come on Oh an SSG abyss oh my
speaking of the white out we lighted
right next to a p250 white out which is
worth like $5 rip alright so we're gonna
open up a couple more of these cases
hopefully hopefully we can get lucky
I'll come on or the anodized Navy's
worth quite a bit too if we can get one
of those that be Knights
that'd be Knights that'd be nice I'll
come on nope lost money again alright
keep opening cases whatever I'm just
going to keep opening
I haven't like made profit at all on
these on these lower end cases but I'm
sure that'll change Oh yep Wow okay
let's go
Wow the second I say that the second I
say that oh we haven't made any profit
we get a skin that's worth like
literally five of those cases so let's
go dude lead conduit stattrak
field-tested nice yeah I'll take it I'll
definitely take one of those all right
come on come on ooh dude if I get an
anodized Navy that'd be crazy oh and we
got the survivor Z which is 15 cents rip
half of our money oh well at least the
last thing you know it made up for like
five cases basically we made profit for
five cases so that's pretty good and
come on come on come on Oh cobalt core I
how much is that worth fourteen cents
geez we're getting so many skins that
are like 15 cents oh my god mp7 whiteout
just went by and the p250 valance ahh 12
cents rip I am not having very good luck
today my luck today is just terrible oh
my god I mean I unbox like one scheme to
remediate but then other than that we're
basically losing our money on every
single every single like roll survivors
you're survivor survivor Z shit 15 cents
rip okay open it again open it again
whatever let's keep going let's keep
going come on come on come on all right
now I'm predicting something decent this
time
nope Kovach or I should have known I
should have known ah rip all right
opened it oh we have five dollars left
crap so you know what I think instead of
just opening these endlessly I'm gonna
try something a little crazy oh oh
doing Dragons alright okay so instead of
opening more of these milspec cases I'm
gonna try one more beast case because
I'm or or I could try a knob case you
know what I'm gonna try the Beast case
cuz I really want I really want to get
one of these knives so let's just open
it I know it's a horrible idea but you
know what let's just do it just do it
since we had such terrible luck maybe
our life will be decent this time and
wow we just got wrecked
we just got completely wrecked we landed
right beside a Koran that crimson web
any neon revolution so rip riperoni all
right we got one dollar left you know
what I'm gonna do here you know what I'm
gonna sell some skins real quick
all right we're gonna sell this hold up
we just need okay I need 15 more cents
or sell something worth fifteen cents
roughly err I'll sell this cuz it's also
the urban hazard all right so all right
so we're gonna we're gonna open up one
more case and it's gonna be a dragon
case so wish us luck
let's go let's be open that case come on
give us something good give us something
good come on come on come on okay I'm
just really hoping for something decent
Oh
USPS Guardian doctor new please oh yeah
wait oh those worth a lot more shit oh
we lost our money rip well anyways uh so
this is what happened
so I basically spent $15 to open up all
these cases and we got a basically
almost a $2.00 skin we got a dollar 34
skin got a dollar 50 skin we got a $3
skin almost so that was actually pretty
good profit and oh yeah the rice yeah
can't believe how lucky we got with that
one and and then we got a $2 skin and
then $1 skin so rip we pretty much lost
quite a bit of money there so
unfortunately I mean with the the thing
with hell case is like you don't get
lucky every time but if you do get lucky
like it's really crazy because I
basically I'm boxed at case those ten
dollars and I'm boxed a like a few of
tested up hyper-v stattrak so I was
insane I made insane profit that time so
yeah I mean obviously we're not gonna
have the best like any time anyways word
I'm just gonna send all these skins real
quick so if you guys did enjoy the video
be sure to drop a like on it you know I
guess leave a comment down below letting
me know
it has your like any but on how case
already have the same luck as me and
also share the video all your friends
tell your friends about you know tell
your fans about the channel help us grow
help us do all that awesome stuff and
that I really do appreciate it if you
haven't already subscribed smack that
subscribe button join team turbo today
join the termination it's pretty pretty
sick I don't I have like two different
names for it like I don't know if I
should call it like the turbo nation or
team turbo I just call it both because
why not right I'm kind of happy that we
got a couple pretty decent skins like I
guess the best skin we got was the the
desert eagle midnight storm which is
actually pretty nice so kind of happy
about that but kind of sucks to
everything else your inbox was complete
crap but hopefully you guys did enjoy
the video anyways I'm just gonna confirm
all these trades but let me know if you
guys want more helicase videos in the
future and yeah guys so thank you guys
so much for watching it's your boy turbo
and I'm out peace